content/parser/net/_index.en.md, before:

---
############################# Static ############################
layout: "landing"
date: 2025-06-30T10:26:00
draft: false

lang: en
product: "Parser"
product_tag: "parser"
platform: "Net"
platform_tag: "net"

############################# Drop-down ############################
supported_platforms:
  items:
    # supported_platforms loop
    - title: ".NET"
      tag: "net"
    # supported_platforms loop
    - title: "Java"
      tag: "java"

############################# Head ############################
head_title: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET Document Parsing Apps"
head_description: "Get all-in-one document parsing solution for .NET applications. Extract data from document formats online using simple drag and drop feature"

############################# Header ############################
title: "Parse documents via .NET API"
description: "Extract data from documents and images on any platform using our flexible APIs and app based solutions for programmers and end-users."
words:
  for: "for"

actions:
  main: "Nuget Download"
  main_link: "https://www.nuget.org/packages/GroupDocs.Parser"
  alt: "Licensing"
  alt_link: "https://purchase.groupdocs.com/pricing/parser/net/"
  title: "Ready to get started?"
  description: "Try GroupDocs.Parser features for free or request a license"

release:
  title: "Version {0} released"
  notes: "See what’s new"
  downloads: "Downloads"

code:
  title: "Quickly Parse Document Content"
  more: "More examples"
  more_link: "https://github.com/groupdocs-parser/GroupDocs.Parser-for-.NET/"
  install: "dotnet add package GroupDocs.Parser"
  content: |
    ```csharp {style=abap}   
    // Pass source file to Parser instance
    using (var parser = new Parser("source.pdf"))
    {
        // Pass document text to TextReader
        using (var textReader = parser.GetText())
        {
            // Process document text
            Console.WriteLine(textReader?.ReadToEnd());
        }
    }  
    ```

############################# Overview ############################
overview:
  enable: true
  title: "GroupDocs.Parser at a glance"
  description: "API for performing document parsing in .NET applications"
  features:
    # feature loop
    - title: "Extract data from documents"
      content: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET API enables you to retrieve text, metadata, and images from a wide range of file formats such as Office documents, emails, attachments, and archives. This powerful tool helps you efficiently access and process valuable information contained within these files for various applications like data analysis, search engine indexing, or content management systems."

    # feature loop
    - title: "Parse documents"
      content: "Extract various elements such as hyperlinks, tables, QR codes, barcodes and data from PDF forms. Also parse any desired information from documents using custom templates."

    # feature loop
    - title: "Customizing results"
      content: ".NET API enables you to retrieve data in various formats such as raw, structured, HTML, or Markdown. Additionally, API offers a search functionality for locating specific words or phrases within the text of documents."

############################# Platforms ############################
platforms:
  enable: true
  title: "Platform Independence"
  description: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET supports the following operating systems, frameworks and package managers"
  items:
    # platform loop
    - title: "Amazon"
      image: "amazon"
    # platform loop
    - title: "Docker"
      image: "docker"
    # platform loop
    - title: "Azure"
      image: "azure"
    # platform loop
    - title: "VS Code"
      image: "vs_code"
    # platform loop
    - title: "ReSharper"
      image: "resharper"
    # platform loop
    - title: "macOS"
      image: "finder"
    # platform loop
    - title: "Linux"
      image: "linux"
    # platform loop
    - title: "NuGet"
      image: "nuget"

############################# File formats ############################
formats:
  enable: true
  title: "Supported file formats"
  description: |
    GroupDocs.Parser for .NET supports operations with the following [file formats](https://docs.groupdocs.com/parser/net/supported-document-formats/).
  groups:
    # group loop
    - color: "green"
      content: |
        ### Microsoft Office formats
        * **Word:** DOCX, DOC, DOCM, DOT, DOTX, DOTM, RTF
        * **Excel:** XLSX, XLS, XLSM, XLSB, XLTM, XLT, XLTM, XLTX, XLAM, SXC, SpreadsheetML
        * **PowerPoint:** PPT, PPTX, PPS, PPSX, PPSM, POT, POTM, POTX, PPTM
    # group loop
    - color: "blue"
      content: |
        ### Images & Other Formats
        * **Portable:** PDF 
        * **Images:** JPG, BMP, PNG, TIFF, GIF
        * **Other office formats:** ODT, OTT, OTS, ODS, ODP, OTP, ODG
      # group loop
    - color: "red"
      content: |
        ### Other formats
        * **Web:** HTML, MHTML 
        * **Archives:** ZIP, TAR, 7Z 
        * **e-Books:** CHM, EPUB, FB2, MOBI 
        
        

############################# Features ############################
features:
  enable: true
  title: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET features"
  description: "Extract data from PDFs, Office Documents, and Images swiftly and accurately"

  items:
    # feature loop
    - icon: "text"
      title: "Extract text"
      content: "Extract textual information from various file formats such as office documents, PDF files and images for easy readability and analysis."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "image"
      title: "Extract images"
      content: "Retrieve visual content from diverse sources like office documents, PDF files for convenient access and use."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "qr"
      title: "Scan QR Codes"
      content: "Detect and decode QR codes present within office documents, PDF files, or visual content for efficient information retrieval."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "email"
      title: "Extract data from email attachments and archives"
      content: "Gather valuable information from email messages, file attachments, and compressed data sources for effective analysis and utilization."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "table"
      title: "Extract tables"
      content: "Identify and extract tabular data from PDF documents for organized analysis and use."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "hyperlink"
      title: "Extract hyperlinks"
      content: "Locate and extract hyperlinks and email addresses within office documents or PDF files for efficient access ."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "pdf"
      title: "Parse PDF Forms"
      content: "PDF Forms are digital documents featuring fillable fields for user interaction, allowing them to input information electronically. .NET API can be utilized to extract data from these forms for efficient processing."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "template"
      title: "Parse data by templates"
      content: "Create custom templates and utilize them with .NET API to parse specific information from PDF files, simplifying data extraction processes."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "search"
      title: "Search a text in documents"
      content: "Quickly locate specific words or patterns within documents."


############################# Code samples ############################
code_samples:
  enable: true
  title: "Code samples"
  description: "Some use cases of typical GroupDocs.Parser for .NET operations"
  items:
    # code sample loop
    - title: "Extract images from PDF documents"
      content: |
        GroupDocs.Parser for .NET makes it easy for C# developers to extract images from [documents](https://docs.groupdocs.com/parser/net/extract-images-from-documents/):
        {{< landing/code title="Extract images from PDF documents in C#">}}
        ```csharp {style=abap}
        // Create an instance of Parser class
        using (var parser = new Parser("source.pptx"))
        {
            // Extract images
            var images = parser.GetImages();

            // Check if something is extracted
            if (images == null)
            {
                return;
            }
            // Iterate over images
            foreach (PageImageArea image in images)
            {
                // Print a page index, rectangle and image type
                Console.WriteLine(string.Format("Page: {0}, R: {1}, Type: {2}", 
                    image.Page.Index, image.Rectangle, image.FileType));
            }
        }
        ```
        {{< /landing/code >}}
    # code sample loop
    - title: "Extract barcodes from images"
      content: |
        Use our .NET API to extract [barcodes](https://docs.groupdocs.com/parser/net/extract-barcodes-from-document/) from images:
        {{< landing/code title="Extract barcodes from images in C#">}}
        ```csharp {style=abap}   
        // Load source image to Parser
        using (var parser = new Parser("source.jpg"))
        {
            // Check if the file supports barcode extracting
            if (parser.Features.Barcodes)
            {
                // Extract barcodes from the file
                var barcodes = parser.GetBarcodes();

                // Iterate over barcodes
                foreach (var barcode in barcodes)
                {
                    // Print the page index
                    Console.WriteLine("Page: " + barcode.Page.Index.ToString());
                    // Print the barcode value
                    Console.WriteLine("Value: " + barcode.Value);
                }
            }
        }
        ```
        {{< /landing/code >}}

---

Commit message:

Add `parser\python-net` landing pages

content/parser/net/_index.en.md, after:

---
############################# Static ############################
layout: "landing"
date: 2025-12-09T14:10:41
draft: false

lang: en
product: "Parser"
product_tag: "parser"
platform: "Net"
platform_tag: "net"

############################# Drop-down ############################
supported_platforms:
  items:
    # supported_platforms loop
    - title: ".NET"
      tag: "net"
    # supported_platforms loop
    - title: "Java"
      tag: "java"
    # supported_platforms loop
    - title: "Python"
      tag: "python-net"

############################# Head ############################
head_title: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET Document Parser SDK for .NET"
head_description: "High-performance Document Parser SDK for .NET. Extract text, images, metadata, barcodes, tables and other data from PDF, Word, Excel, emails and 50+ document formats."

############################# Header ############################
title: "Document Parser SDK for .NET"
description: "Add fast, accurate document parsing to your .NET apps and extract text, images, metadata and structured data from documents and images."
words:
  for: "for"

actions:
  main: "Nuget Download"
  main_link: "https://www.nuget.org/packages/GroupDocs.Parser"
  alt: "Licensing"
  alt_link: "https://purchase.groupdocs.com/pricing/parser/net/"
  title: "Ready to get started?"
  description: "Try GroupDocs.Parser features for free or request a license"

release:
  title: "Version {0} released"
  notes: "See what’s new"
  downloads: "Downloads"

code:
  title: "Quickly Parse Document Content with the SDK"
  more: "More examples"
  more_link: "https://github.com/groupdocs-parser/GroupDocs.Parser-for-.NET/"
  install: "dotnet add package GroupDocs.Parser"
  content: |
    ```csharp {style=abap}   
    // Pass source file to Parser instance
    using (var parser = new Parser("source.pdf"))
    {
        // Pass document text to TextReader
        using (var textReader = parser.GetText())
        {
            // Process document text
            Console.WriteLine(textReader?.ReadToEnd());
        }
    }  
    ```

############################# Overview ############################
overview:
  enable: true
  title: "GroupDocs.Parser at a glance"
  description: "Document Parser SDK for performing high‑accuracy document parsing in .NET applications"
  features:
    # feature loop
    - title: "Extract data from documents"
      content: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET API enables you to retrieve text, metadata, and images from a wide range of file formats such as Office documents, emails, attachments, and archives. This powerful tool helps you efficiently access and process valuable information contained within these files for various applications like data analysis, search engine indexing, or content management systems."

    # feature loop
    - title: "Parse documents"
      content: "Extract various elements such as hyperlinks, tables, QR codes, barcodes and data from PDF forms. Also parse any desired information from documents using custom templates."

    # feature loop
    - title: "Customizing results"
      content: ".NET API enables you to retrieve data in various formats such as raw, structured, HTML, or Markdown. Additionally, API offers a search functionality for locating specific words or phrases within the text of documents."

############################# Platforms ############################
platforms:
  enable: true
  title: "Platform Independence"
  description: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET supports the following operating systems, frameworks and package managers"
  items:
    # platform loop
    - title: "Amazon"
      image: "amazon"
    # platform loop
    - title: "Docker"
      image: "docker"
    # platform loop
    - title: "Azure"
      image: "azure"
    # platform loop
    - title: "VS Code"
      image: "vs_code"
    # platform loop
    - title: "ReSharper"
      image: "resharper"
    # platform loop
    - title: "macOS"
      image: "finder"
    # platform loop
    - title: "Linux"
      image: "linux"
    # platform loop
    - title: "NuGet"
      image: "nuget"

############################# File formats ############################
formats:
  enable: true
  title: "Supported file formats"
  description: |
    GroupDocs.Parser for .NET supports operations with the following [file formats](https://docs.groupdocs.com/parser/net/supported-document-formats/).
  groups:
    # group loop
    - color: "green"
      content: |
        ### Microsoft Office formats
        * **Word:** DOCX, DOC, DOCM, DOT, DOTX, DOTM, RTF
        * **Excel:** XLSX, XLS, XLSM, XLSB, XLTM, XLT, XLTM, XLTX, XLAM, SXC, SpreadsheetML
        * **PowerPoint:** PPT, PPTX, PPS, PPSX, PPSM, POT, POTM, POTX, PPTM
    # group loop
    - color: "blue"
      content: |
        ### Images & Other Formats
        * **Portable:** PDF 
        * **Images:** JPG, BMP, PNG, TIFF, GIF
        * **Other office formats:** ODT, OTT, OTS, ODS, ODP, OTP, ODG
      # group loop
    - color: "red"
      content: |
        ### Other formats
        * **Web:** HTML, MHTML 
        * **Archives:** ZIP, TAR, 7Z 
        * **e-Books:** CHM, EPUB, FB2, MOBI 
        
        

############################# Features ############################
features:
  enable: true
  title: "GroupDocs.Parser for .NET features"
  description: "Extract data from PDFs, Office documents, images and other formats swiftly and accurately with our .NET Document Parser SDK"

  items:
    # feature loop
    - icon: "text"
      title: "Extract text"
      content: "Extract textual information from various file formats such as office documents, PDF files and images for easy readability and analysis."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "image"
      title: "Extract images"
      content: "Retrieve visual content from diverse sources like office documents, PDF files for convenient access and use."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "qr"
      title: "Scan QR Codes"
      content: "Detect and decode QR codes present within office documents, PDF files, or visual content for efficient information retrieval."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "email"
      title: "Extract data from email attachments and archives"
      content: "Gather valuable information from email messages, file attachments, and compressed data sources for effective analysis and utilization."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "table"
      title: "Extract tables"
      content: "Identify and extract tabular data from PDF documents for organized analysis and use."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "hyperlink"
      title: "Extract hyperlinks"
      content: "Locate and extract hyperlinks and email addresses within office documents or PDF files for efficient access ."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "pdf"
      title: "Parse PDF Forms"
      content: "PDF Forms are digital documents featuring fillable fields for user interaction, allowing them to input information electronically. .NET API can be utilized to extract data from these forms for efficient processing."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "template"
      title: "Parse data by templates"
      content: "Create custom templates and utilize them with .NET API to parse specific information from PDF files, simplifying data extraction processes."

    # feature loop
    - icon: "search"
      title: "Search a text in documents"
      content: "Quickly locate specific words or patterns within documents."


############################# Code samples ############################
code_samples:
  enable: true
  title: "Code samples"
  description: "Some use cases of typical GroupDocs.Parser for .NET operations"
  items:
    # code sample loop
    - title: "Extract images from PDF documents"
      content: |
        GroupDocs.Parser for .NET makes it easy for C# developers to extract images from [documents](https://docs.groupdocs.com/parser/net/extract-images-from-documents/):
        {{< landing/code title="Extract images from PDF documents in C#">}}
        ```csharp {style=abap}
        // Create an instance of Parser class
        using (var parser = new Parser("source.pptx"))
        {
            // Extract images
            var images = parser.GetImages();

            // Check if something is extracted
            if (images == null)
            {
                return;
            }
            // Iterate over images
            foreach (PageImageArea image in images)
            {
                // Print a page index, rectangle and image type
                Console.WriteLine(string.Format("Page: {0}, R: {1}, Type: {2}", 
                    image.Page.Index, image.Rectangle, image.FileType));
            }
        }
        ```
        {{< /landing/code >}}
    # code sample loop
    - title: "Extract barcodes from images"
      content: |
        Use our .NET API to extract [barcodes](https://docs.groupdocs.com/parser/net/extract-barcodes-from-document/) from images:
        {{< landing/code title="Extract barcodes from images in C#">}}
        ```csharp {style=abap}   
        // Load source image to Parser
        using (var parser = new Parser("source.jpg"))
        {
            // Check if the file supports barcode extracting
            if (parser.Features.Barcodes)
            {
                // Extract barcodes from the file
                var barcodes = parser.GetBarcodes();

                // Iterate over barcodes
                foreach (var barcode in barcodes)
                {
                    // Print the page index
                    Console.WriteLine("Page: " + barcode.Page.Index.ToString());
                    // Print the barcode value
                    Console.WriteLine("Value: " + barcode.Value);
                }
            }
        }
        ```
        {{< /landing/code >}}

---
